# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 32ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 17ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 19ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 16ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 17ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 11ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 13ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

